Thanks for swinging by. I made this site because I wanted a place to show off Rails web design. This particular app has an Event model and a Registration model, with a User model courtesy of Devise. The Event model has_many :registrations and the Registration model belongs_to :event. Most of the logic takes place in the Event controller, with a few methods in the Events Helper as well. (The method that displays the "Sold Out" image for the Rails Hackathon rather than a registration button on the Events Index page resides there.)


The landing page was created with a Twitter Bootstrap CDN- I overrode the application html and css files in the controller for that particular static page and imported the Bootstrap stylesheets thanks to the CDN. From there I built a minimalistic landing page with a creative commons background image from Unsplash. This fully responsive demonstration Ruby on Rails app features complete user authentication functionality via Twitter-Oauth and the Devise Rails gems. I designed and built the site in Rails 4 with Ruby v1.9.3, while under version control at GitHub. The rest of the front-end (Sans the Bootstrap landing page) was built on the Foundation 4 framework. Google Analytics is installed and reporting <a href="http://railsapps.github.io/rails-google-analytics.html">thanks to the Rails 4 Turbolinks workaround.</a> Typography comes courtesy of Google Fonts- Specifically, the 'Ubuntu' font for the headers and 'Dosis' for the body text. They had to be called through an HTML link in the _header partial because apparently Google Fonts in Rails 4 don't like to render once deployed to Heroku when imported through @importcss.

<a href="http://shrouded-ravine-2465.herokuapp.com/">Click here to see my Reddit on Rails 4/Foundation project</a>, and <a href="http://guarded-ravine-6386.herokuapp.com/">click here to see my Social Network on Rails and Bootstrap.</a>

Again, thanks for stopping by, and feel free to create an account to see the site in its entirety.

